set up day plan blocks we could use anyway (#564)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/blocks/ama/index.md

Reviewer: Can you rename this block to `ask-me-anything`?

+++
title="Experts AMA"
headless="true"
time=45
+++

## 🧑🏼‍🎓 Trainees

(If you don't have a guest expert, do study group instead.)

> Share your questions in a Slack thread by Friday 10am. This is an {{<tooltip title="AMA">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Share your questions in a Slack thread by Friday 10am. This is an {{<tooltip title="Ask Me Anything">}}
```
